-- Arangma Poison Antidote ----- 
   Combine Gobo Salve, Diluted Arangma Venom Essence, into 0 Raw Arangma Poison Antidote.
   Cerate Raw Arangma Poison Antidote into Arangma Poison Antidote using Alchemist Stove with a Wooden Stirrer.
-- Carkarass Poison Antidote ----- 
   Combine Gobo Salve, Diluted Carkarass Venom Essence, into 0 Raw Carkarass Poison Antidote.
   Cerate Raw Carkarass Poison Antidote into Carkarass Poison Antidote using Alchemist Stove with a Wooden Stirrer.
-- Carkarass Venom Dust Essence ----- 
   Distill Carkarass Poison into Purified Carkarass Poison using Alembic.
   Evaporate Purified Carkarass Poison into 4 Carkarass Venom Dust Essence using Athanor.
-- Cure Disease Potion ----- 
   Combine Barberry Syrup, 2 Diluted Illness Essence, into 0 Raw Cure Disease Potions.
   Cook Raw Cure Disease Potion into Cure Disease Potion using Alchemist Stove with a Iron Stirrer.
-- Diluted Arangma Venom Essence ----- 
   Combine Distilled Water, Ground Arangma Tooth, into 0 Mix of Arangma Tooth and distilled waters.
   Cook Mix of Arangma Tooth and distilled water into Extract of Arangma Venom using Alchemist Stove with a Iron Stirrer.
   Decant Extract of Arangma Venom into Diluted Arangma Venom Essence using Decanter with a Strainer.
-- Diluted Carkarass Venom Essence ----- 
   Combine Distilled Water, Carkarass Venom Dust Essence, into 0 Mix of Carkarass venom essence.
   Wash Mix of Carkarass venom essence into Diluted Carkarass Venom Essence using Decanter.
-- Diluted Gawert Venom Essence ----- 
   Combine Distilled Water, Ground Gawert Stinger, into 0 Mix of Gawert Stinger and distilled waters.
   Cerate Mix of Gawert Stinger and distilled water into Extract of Gawert Stinger Venom using Alchemist Stove with a Wooden Stirrer.
   Decant Extract of Gawert Stinger Venom into Diluted Gawert Venom Essence using Decanter with a Strainer.
-- Diluted Grendol Venom Essence ----- 
   Combine Distilled Water, Grendol Venom Dust Essence, into 0 Mix of Grendol venom essence.
   Wash Mix of Grendol venom essence into Diluted Grendol Venom Essence using Decanter.
-- Diluted Illness Essence ----- 
   Wash Illness Essence into Diluted Illness Essence using Decanter.
-- Diluted Tloke Venom Essence ----- 
   Combine Distilled Water, Ground Tloke Stinger, into 0 Mix of Tloke Stinger and distilled waters.
   Cerate Mix of Tloke Stinger and distilled water into Extract of Tloke Stinger Venom using Alchemist Stove with a Wooden Stirrer.
   Decant Extract of Tloke Stinger Venom into Diluted Tloke Venom Essence using Decanter with a Strainer.
-- Distilled Water ----- 
   Distill Water Filled Bucket into 2 Distilled Water using Alembic.
-- Gawert Poison Antidote ----- 
   Combine Gobo Salve, Diluted Gawert Venom Essence, into 0 Raw Gawert Poison Antidote.
   Cerate Raw Gawert Poison Antidote into Gawert Poison Antidote using Alchemist Stove with a Wooden Stirrer.
-- Greater Cure Disease Potion ----- 
   Combine 2 Barberry Syrups, 3 Diluted Illness Essence, into 0 Raw Greater Cure Disease Potions.
   Cook Raw Greater Cure Disease Potion into Greater Cure Disease Potion using Alchemist Stove with a Iron Stirrer.
-- Greater Potion of Healing ----- 
   Combine 2 Kingsfoil Teas, 3 Healing Essence, into 0 Raw Greater Potion of Healings.
   Cook Raw Greater Potion of Healing into Greater Potion of Healing using Alchemist Stove with a Iron Stirrer.
-- Greater Potion of Mana ----- 
   Combine 2 Sinaflar Pastes, 3 Mana Essence, into 0 Raw Greater Potion of Manas.
   Cook Raw Greater Potion of Mana into Greater Potion of Mana using Alchemist Stove with a Iron Stirrer.
-- Greater Potion of Restoration ----- 
   Combine 2 Wragberry Juices, 3 Restoration Essence, into 0 Raw Greater Potion of Restorations.
   Cook Raw Greater Potion of Restoration into Greater Potion of Restoration using Alchemist Stove with a Iron Stirrer.
-- Grendol Poison Antidote ----- 
   Combine Gobo Salve, Diluted Grendol Venom Essence, into 0 Raw Grendol Poison Antidote.
   Cerate Raw Grendol Poison Antidote into Grendol Poison Antidote using Alchemist Stove with a Wooden Stirrer.
-- Grendol Venom Dust Essence ----- 
   Distill Grendol Poison Blood into Distilled Grendol Poison Blood using Alembic.
   Evaporate Distilled Grendol Poison Blood into 6 Grendol Venom Dust Essence using Athanor.
-- Ground Arangma Tooth ----- 
   Grind Arangma Tooth into Ground Arangma Tooth using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
-- Ground Gawert Stinger ----- 
   Grind Gawert stinger into Ground Gawert Stinger using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
-- Ground Tloke Stinger ----- 
   Grind Tloke Warrior Stinger into Ground Tloke Stinger using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
-- Healing Essence ----- 
   Combine Spirit, Poultice of Trepor Egg Sac, into 0 Mixed poultice of Trepor Egg Sacs.
   Cerate Mixed poultice of Trepor Egg Sac into 10 Healing Essence using Alchemist Stove with a Wooden Stirrer.
   Combine Spirit, Poultice of Arangma Egg Sac, into 0 Mixed poultice of Arangma Egg Sacs.
   Cerate Mixed poultice of Arangma Egg Sac into 2 Healing Essence using Alchemist Stove with a Wooden Stirrer.
-- Lesser Cure Disease Potion ----- 
   Combine Barberry Extract, Diluted Illness Essence, into 0 Raw Lesser Cure Disease Potions.
   Cook Raw Lesser Cure Disease Potion into Lesser Cure Disease Potion using Alchemist Stove with a Iron Stirrer.
-- Lesser Potion of Healing ----- 
   Combine Cut Kingsfoil Leaf, Healing Essence, into 0 Raw Lesser Potion of Healings.
   Cook Raw Lesser Potion of Healing into Lesser Potion of Healing using Alchemist Stove with a Iron Stirrer.
-- Lesser Potion of Mana ----- 
   Combine Sinaflar Pulp, Mana Essence, into 0 Raw Lesser Potion of Manas.
   Cook Raw Lesser Potion of Mana into Lesser Potion of Mana using Alchemist Stove with a Iron Stirrer.
-- Lesser Potion of Restoration ----- 
   Combine Wragberry Pulp, Restoration Essence, into 0 Raw Lesser Potion of Restorations.
   Cook Raw Lesser Potion of Restoration into Lesser Potion of Restoration using Alchemist Stove with a Iron Stirrer.
-- Mana Essence ----- 
   Combine Ulbernaut Heart, Sulphur powder, Distilled Water, into 0 Mix of Ulbernaut Hearts.
   Cook Mix of Ulbernaut Heart into Extract of Ulbernaut Heart using Alchemist Stove with a Iron Stirrer.
   Decant Extract of Ulbernaut Heart into 12 Mana Essence using Decanter with a Strainer.
   Combine Marfusang Heart, Sulphur powder, Distilled Water, into 0 Mix of Marfusang Hearts.
   Cook Mix of Marfusang Heart into Extract of Marfusang Heart using Alchemist Stove with a Iron Stirrer.
   Decant Extract of Marfusang Heart into 10 Mana Essence using Decanter with a Strainer.
   Combine Trepor Heart, Sulphur powder, Distilled Water, into 0 Mix of Trepor Hearts.
   Cook Mix of Trepor Heart into Extract of Trepor Heart using Alchemist Stove with a Iron Stirrer.
   Decant Extract of Trepor Heart into 6 Mana Essence using Decanter with a Strainer.
   Combine Maulberlord Ebony Heart, Sulphur powder, Distilled Water, into 0 Mix of Maulberlord Ebony Hearts.
   Cook Mix of Maulberlord Ebony Heart into Extract of Maulberlord Ebony Heart using Alchemist Stove with a Iron Stirrer.
   Decant Extract of Maulberlord Ebony Heart into 14 Mana Essence using Decanter with a Strainer.
   Combine Trepor Queen Heart, Sulphur powder, Distilled Water, into 0 Mix of Trepor Queen Hearts.
   Cook Mix of Trepor Queen Heart into Extract of Trepor Queen Heart using Alchemist Stove with a Iron Stirrer.
   Decant Extract of Trepor Queen Heart into 10 Mana Essence using Decanter with a Strainer.
-- Potion of Healing ----- 
   Combine Kingsfoil Tea, 2 Healing Essence, into 0 Raw Potion of Healings.
   Cook Raw Potion of Healing into Potion of Healing using Alchemist Stove with a Iron Stirrer.
-- Potion of Mana ----- 
   Combine Sinaflar Paste, 2 Mana Essence, into 0 Raw Potion of Manas.
   Cook Raw Potion of Mana into Potion of Mana using Alchemist Stove with a Iron Stirrer.
-- Potion of Restoration ----- 
   Combine Wragberry Juice, 2 Restoration Essence, into 0 Raw Potion of Restorations.
   Cook Raw Potion of Restoration into Potion of Restoration using Alchemist Stove with a Iron Stirrer.
-- Poultice of Arangma Egg Sac ----- 
   Grind Arangma Egg Sac into Poultice of Arangma Egg Sac using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
-- Poultice of Trepor Egg Sac ----- 
   Grind Trepor Egg Sac into Poultice of Trepor Egg Sac using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
-- Restoration Essence ----- 
   Combine Spirit, Vitriol salt, Coamti Tongue, into 0 Mixed Coamti Tongues.
   Cook Mixed Coamti Tongue into Extract of Coamti tongue using Alchemist Stove with a Iron Stirrer.
   Decant Extract of Coamti tongue into 2 Restoration Essence using Decanter with a Strainer.
   Combine Spirit, Vitriol salt, Marfusang Tongue, into 0 Mixed Marfusang Tongues.
   Cook Mixed Marfusang Tongue into Extract of Marfusang Tongue using Alchemist Stove with a Iron Stirrer.
   Decant Extract of Marfusang Tongue into 10 Restoration Essence using Decanter with a Strainer.
-- Tloke Poison Antidote ----- 
   Combine Gobo Salve, Diluted Tloke Venom Essence, into 0 Raw Tloke Poison Antidote.
   Cerate Raw Tloke Poison Antidote into Tloke Poison Antidote using Alchemist Stove with a Wooden Stirrer.
-- Vitriol salt ----- 
   Combine 2 Niter, Oil of Vitriol, into 0 Mix of niter and vitriol.
   Evaporate Mix of niter and vitriol into 2 Vitriol salt using Athanor.
   Combine 2 Common Salt, Oil of Vitriol, into 0 Mix of salt and vitriol.
   Evaporate Mix of salt and vitriol into 2 Vitriol salt using Athanor.
