-- Baked Kikiri with Gravy ----- 
   Combine Baked kikiri, Simmering vegetable gravy, into 0 Baked Kikiri with Gravy mix.
   Heat Baked Kikiri with Gravy mix into Baked Kikiri with Gravy using Pot.
-- Baked kikiri ----- 
   Combine Kikiri Meat, Dash of Jomed's Seasoning, Pat of Butter, into 0 Baking kikiri.
   Bake Baking kikiri into Baked kikiri using Oven.
-- Boiled Wiggly Feeler ----- 
   Combine 2 Cider Mug, Trepor Wiggly Feeler, into 0 Simmering Wiggly Feeler.
   Heat Simmering Wiggly Feeler into Boiling Wiggly Feeler using Pot.
   Heat Boiling Wiggly Feeler into Boiled Wiggly Feeler using Pot.
-- Boiling Gruel ----- 
   Combine 2 Pile of Cubed Clacker Meat, 4 Sliced Lake Mushroom, Pot of Boiling Water, into 0 Simmering Gruel.
   Heat Simmering Gruel into 4 Boiling Gruel using Pot.
-- Boiling Salt Water ----- 
   Combine Water Filled Bucket, 4 Pinch of Salt, into 0 Salt Water.
   Heat Salt Water into Hot Salt Water using Pot.
   Heat Hot Salt Water into Boiling Salt Water using Pot.
-- Cheesy Succulent Stew ----- 
   Combine 4 Succulent Stew, Crumbled Cheese, into 4 Cheesy Stew Mix.
   Mix Cheesy Stew Mix into Cheesy Succulent Stew using Wooden Bowl with a Wooden Spoon.
-- Clacker Gruel ----- 
   Cut Bread into 5 Slice of Bread using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
   Cut Slice of Bread into 5 Bread Piece using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
   Bake Bread Piece into Crunchy Bread Piece using Oven.
   Combine Boiling Gruel, 10 Crunchy Bread Piece, Crumbled Cheese, into 0 Separated Clacker Gruel.
   Mix Separated Clacker Gruel into 4 Clacker Gruel using Wooden Bowl with a Wooden Spoon.
-- Cooked Diced Meat ----- 
   Cut Meat into Pile of Meat Chunk using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
   Cut Pile of Meat Chunk into Pile of Diced Meat using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
   Heat Pile of Diced Meat into Cooked Diced Meat using Pot.
-- Creamy Mashed Kartoffel ----- 
   Combine 2 Scoop of Milk, 4 Pat of Butter, 2 Mashed Kartoffel, into 0 Kartoffel-Butter Mix.
   Blend Kartoffel-Butter Mix into 4 Creamy Mashed Kartoffel using Wooden Bowl with a Mixer.
-- Crumbled Cheese ----- 
   Crumble Cheese into 5 Crumbled Cheese using Preparation Table.
-- Cubed Kartoffel ----- 
   Cut Kartoffel into Peeled Kartoffel using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
   Cut Peeled Kartoffel into Cubed Kartoffel using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
-- Dash of Ground Corium Seed ----- 
   Measure Jar of Corium Seed into 50 Dash of Ground Corium Seed using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
-- Dash of Ground Jarana Root ----- 
   Measure Ground Jarana Root into 25 Dash of Ground Jarana Root using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
-- Dash of Ground Wyn Reed ----- 
   Cut Wyn Reed into Ground Wyn Reed using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
   Measure Ground Wyn Reed into 30 Dash of Ground Wyn Reed using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
-- Dash of Hearty Flat Pie Seasoning ----- 
   Cut Bogo Pepper into Sliced Bogo Pepper using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
   Combine 3 Sliced Bogo Pepper, 3 Dash of Saffron, 3 Pinch of Salt, 3 Pinch of Orilliphia, into 0 Hearty Flat Pie Seasoning.
   Measure Hearty Flat Pie Seasoning into 30 Dash of Hearty Flat Pie Seasoning using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
-- Dash of Jomed's Seasoning ----- 
   Measure Jomed's Seasoning into 25 Dash of Jomed's Seasoning using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
-- Dash of Saffron ----- 
   Measure Saffron into 25 Dash of Saffron using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
-- Grilled Kikiri Meat Chunk ----- 
   Cut Kikiri Meat into Pile of Kikiri Meat Chunk using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
   Grill Pile of Kikiri Meat Chunk into Grilled Kikiri Meat Chunk using Grill.
-- Hearty Bamboo Rice ----- 
   Measure Water Filled Bucket into 28 Water Pouch using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
   Combine 2 Water Pouch, Bamboo Rice, into 0 Cooking Bamboo Rice.
   Heat Cooking Bamboo Rice into Cooked Bamboo Rice using Pot.
   Measure Cooked Bamboo Rice into 4 Hearty Bamboo Rice using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
-- Hearty Flat Pie With Sauce ----- 
   Combine 2 Scoop of Hearty Flat Pie Sauce, Rolled Dough, into 0 Spreading Hearty Flat Pie.
   Spread Spreading Hearty Flat Pie into Hearty Flat Pie With Sauce using Preparation Table with a Spreader.
-- Hearty Irifon Rice ----- 
   Measure Water Filled Bucket into 28 Water Pouch using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
   Combine 2 Water Pouch, Irifon Rice, into 0 Cooking Irifon Rice.
   Heat Cooking Irifon Rice into Cooked Irifon Rice using Pot.
   Measure Cooked Irifon Rice into 4 Hearty Irifon Rice using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
-- Kikiri Soup ----- 
   Cut Pungent Tuber into Sliced Pungent Tuber using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
   Cut Kikiri Meat into Pile of Kikiri Meat Chunk using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
   Combine Boiling Salt Water, 2 Sliced Carrot, 2 Sliced Pungent Tuber, 2 Dash of Ground Wyn Reed, Pile of Kikiri Meat Chunk, into 0 Uncooked Kikiri Soup.
   Heat Uncooked Kikiri Soup into Kikiri Soup using Pot.
-- Mashed Fire Fruit ----- 
   Mash Fire Fruit into Mashed Fire Fruit using Preparation Table with a Masher.
-- Mashed Kartoffel ----- 
   Combine Pot of Boiling Water, 4 Cubed Kartoffel, into 0 Boiling Kartoffel.
   Heat Boiling Kartoffel into 6 Boiled Kartoffel using Pot.
   Mash Boiled Kartoffel into Mashed Kartoffel using Preparation Table with a Masher.
-- Meat And Egg Omelette ----- 
   Combine 4 Cooked Diced Meat, Trepor Egg Sac, into 4 Runny Trepor Omelette.
   Panfry Runny Trepor Omelette into Meat And Egg Omelette using Iron Skillet.
-- Minced Pungent Tuber ----- 
   Cut Pungent Tuber into Sliced Pungent Tuber using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
   Cut Sliced Pungent Tuber into Diced Pungent Tuber using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
   Cut Diced Pungent Tuber into Minced Pungent Tuber using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
-- Mushroom Seasoning ----- 
   Combine 2 Dash of Jomed's Seasoning, 4 Sliced Night Mushroom, Pinch of Salt, Dash of Ground Corium Seed, into 0 Unmixed Mushroom Seasoning.
   Mix Unmixed Mushroom Seasoning into Uncooked Mushroom Seasoning using Wooden Bowl with a Wooden Spoon.
   Heat Uncooked Mushroom Seasoning into Mushroom Seasoning using Pot.
-- Noodle ----- 
   Combine Pot of Boiling Water, Uncooked Noodle, into 0 Cooking Noodle.
   Heat Cooking Noodle into Noodle using Pot.
-- Pat of Butter ----- 
   Measure Lump of Butter into 25 Pat of Butter using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
-- Pile of Bread Crumb ----- 
   Cut Bread into 5 Slice of Bread using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
   Cut Slice of Bread into 5 Bread Piece using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
   Bake Bread Piece into Crunchy Bread Piece using Oven.
   Crumble Crunchy Bread Piece into Pile of Bread Crumb using Preparation Table.
-- Pile of Cubed Clacker Meat ----- 
   Cut Clacker Meat into 2 Pile of Cubed Clacker Meat using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
-- Pile of Grilled Meat Cube ----- 
   Grill Meat into Grilled Meat using Grill.
   Cut Grilled Meat into Pile of Grilled Meat Chunk using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
   Cut Pile of Grilled Meat Chunk into Pile of Grilled Meat Cube using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
-- Pinch of Orilliphia ----- 
   Measure Orilliphia into 30 Pinch of Orilliphia using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
-- Pinch of Salt ----- 
   Measure Bag of Salt into 50 Pinch of Salt using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
-- Pot Roast ----- 
   Cut Meat into Pile of Meat Chunk using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
   Measure Water Filled Bucket into 28 Water Pouch using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
   Combine 3 Pile of Meat Chunk, 14 Water Pouch, 2 Sliced Carrot, Cubed Kartoffel, Minced Pungent Tuber, into 0 Uncooked Pot Roast.
   Roast Uncooked Pot Roast into 10 Pot Roast using Oven.
-- Pot of Boiling Water ----- 
   Heat Water Filled Bucket into Full Pot of Water using Pot.
   Heat Full Pot of Water into Pot of Hot Water using Pot.
   Heat Pot of Hot Water into Pot of Simmering Water using Pot.
   Heat Pot of Simmering Water into Pot of Boiling Water using Pot.
-- Savory Kikiri Stew ----- 
   Combine 2 Mushroom Seasoning, Grilled Kikiri Meat Chunk, Dash of Saffron, into 0 Unmixed Kikiri Seasoning.
   Mix Unmixed Kikiri Seasoning into Mixed Kikiri Seasoning using Wooden Bowl with a Wooden Spoon.
   Heat Mixed Kikiri Seasoning into Savory Kikiri Stew using Pot.
-- Scoop of Flour ----- 
   Measure Flour into 5 Scoop of Flour using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
-- Scoop of Hearty Flat Pie Sauce ----- 
   Measure Water Filled Bucket into 28 Water Pouch using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
   Combine 6 Water Pouch, 12 Dash of Hearty Flat Pie Seasoning, 6 Mashed Fire Fruits, into 0 Hearty Flat Pie Sauce Mix.
   Heat Hearty Flat Pie Sauce Mix into Hearty Flat Pie Sauce using Pot.
   Measure Hearty Flat Pie Sauce into 10 Scoop of Hearty Flat Pie Sauce using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
-- Scoop of Milk ----- 
   Measure Milk into 4 Scoop of Milk using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
-- Scrambled Egg ----- 
   Combine 4 Egg, Scoop of Milk, into 0 Egg Slops.
   Mix Egg Slop into Egg Mixture using Wooden Bowl with a Wooden Spoon.
   Panfry Egg Mixture into 4 Scrambled Egg using Iron Skillet.
-- Seasoned Bamboo Rice ----- 
   Measure Water Filled Bucket into 28 Water Pouch using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
   Combine 8 Water Pouch, Bamboo Rice, 2 Pinch of Orilliphia, into 0 Seasoned Bamboo Rice Mix.
   Heat Seasoned Bamboo Rice Mix into Cooking Seasoned Bamboo Rice using Pot.
   Heat Cooking Seasoned Bamboo Rice into Cooked Seasoned Bamboo Rice using Pot.
   Measure Cooked Seasoned Bamboo Rice into 4 Seasoned Bamboo Rice using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
-- Seasoned Irifon Rice ----- 
   Measure Water Filled Bucket into 28 Water Pouch using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
   Combine 8 Water Pouch, Irifon Rice, 2 Pinch of Orilliphia, into 0 Seasoned Irifon Rice Mix.
   Heat Seasoned Irifon Rice Mix into Cooking Seasoned Irifon Rice using Pot.
   Heat Cooking Seasoned Irifon Rice into Cooked Seasoned Irifon Rice using Pot.
   Measure Cooked Seasoned Irifon Rice into 4 Seasoned Irifon Rice using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
-- Seasoned Stew Meat ----- 
   Cut Meat into Pile of Meat Chunk using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
   Combine Pile of Meat Chunk, 2 Pinch of Salt, 3 Dash of Jomed's Seasoning, into 0 Meat Mix.
   Mix Meat Mix into Seasoned Meat using Wooden Bowl with a Wooden Spoon.
   Cut Seasoned Meat into Seasoned Stew Meat using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
-- Simmered Clacker Meat ----- 
   Combine Pile of Cubed Clacker Meat, Pile of Grilled Meat Cube, Boiling Salt Water, 2 Dash of Ground Jarana Root, 2 Sliced Carrot, 2 Sliced Lake Mushroom, into 0 Simmering Clacker Meat.
   Heat Simmering Clacker Meat into Simmered Clacker Meat using Pot.
-- Simmering vegetable gravy ----- 
   Combine Sliced Lake Mushroom, Thick Gravy, Sliced Carrot, into 0 Vegetable Gravy Mix.
   Heat Vegetable Gravy Mix into Simmering vegetable gravy using Pot.
-- Slice of Hearty Flat Pie ----- 
   Combine Hearty Flat Pie With Sauce, Vegetable Mix, 2 Crumbled Cheese, Pile of Grilled Meat Cube, into 0 Unbaked Hearty Flat Pie.
   Bake Unbaked Hearty Flat Pie into Hearty Flat Pie using Oven.
   Cut Hearty Flat Pie into 8 Slice of Hearty Flat Pie using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
-- Sliced Carrot ----- 
   Cut Carrot into Sliced Carrot using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
-- Sliced Lake Mushroom ----- 
   Cut Lake Mushroom into Sliced Lake Mushroom using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
-- Sliced Night Mushroom ----- 
   Cut Night Mushroom into Sliced Night Mushroom using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
-- Steamed Clacker Leg ----- 
   Combine Boiling Salt Water, 3 Clacker Leg, into 0 Steamy Clacker Leg.
   Heat Steamy Clacker Leg into 3 Steamed Clacker Leg using Pot.
-- Stew Base ----- 
   Combine Seasoned Stew Meat, Pot of Boiling Water, into 0 Simmering Stew.
   Heat Simmering Stew into Stew Base using Pot.
-- Succulent Stew ----- 
   Combine 16 Vegetable Meat Stew, Noodle, 2 Scoop of Milk, into 0 Savory Noodle Stew Mix.
   Heat Savory Noodle Stew Mix into 16 Succulent Stew using Pot.
-- Thick Gravy ----- 
   Measure Lump of Lard into 25 Scoop of Lard using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
   Measure Water Filled Bucket into 28 Water Pouch using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
   Combine Scoop of Lard, Scoop of Flour, 2 Water Pouch, into 0 Gravy Bases.
   Heat Gravy Base into Thick Gravy using Pot.
-- Uncooked Noodle ----- 
   Cut Rolled Dough into Uncooked Noodle using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
-- Vegetable Meat Stew ----- 
   Cut Pungent Tuber into Sliced Pungent Tuber using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
   Cut Sliced Pungent Tuber into Diced Pungent Tuber using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
   Cut Bogo Pepper into Sliced Bogo Pepper using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
   Combine Stew Base, 2 Cubed Kartoffel, 2 Sliced Carrot, 2 Diced Pungent Tuber, Sliced Bogo Pepper, into 0 Savory Stew Mix.
   Heat Savory Stew Mix into 16 Vegetable Meat Stew using Pot.
-- Vegetable Mix ----- 
   Cut Pungent Tuber into Sliced Pungent Tuber using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
   Cut Sliced Pungent Tuber into Diced Pungent Tuber using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
   Combine 2 Sliced Carrot, 3 Diced Pungent Tuber, 2 Sliced Night Mushroom, into 0 Assorted Vegetable.
   Mix Assorted Vegetable into Vegetable Mix using Wooden Bowl with a Wooden Spoon.
-- Wiggly Roll ----- 
   Combine Pile of Bread Crumb, Ball of Dough, 2 Boiled Wiggly Feeler, into 0 Wrapping Wiggly Roll.
   Wrap Wrapping Wiggly Roll into 10 Raw Wiggly Feeler Roll using Preparation Table.
   Bake Raw Wiggly Feeler Roll into Wiggly Roll using Oven.
