-- Alchemist secret fire -----
Combine Niter, 7 Tartars, into 1 Mix of tartar and niters. 
Pulverize Mix of tartar and niter into Alchemist secret fire using Mortar and Pestle.
-- Dissolving Mercury -----
Combine Alchemist secret fire, Powdered Iron, Powdered Antimony Sulphur, into 1 Mix of iron antimony and secret fires.
Heat Mix of iron antimony and secret fire into 2 Black and White Stone using Athanor.
Pulverize Black and White Stone into Antimony powder using Mortar and Pestle.
Heat Antimony powder into Dissolving Mercury using Athanor.
-- First Order Stone of the Sages -----
Combine Red Sulphur, White Sulphur, Dissolving Mercury, into 1 Alchemical Eggs. 
Heat Alchemical Egg into Blackness Stone using Athanor. 
Heat Blackness Stone into Whiteness Stone using Athanor. 
Heat Whiteness Stone into Redness Stone using Athanor. 
Heat Redness Stone into First Order Stone of the Sages using Athanor.
-- Life Elixir -----
Combine First Order Stone of the Sages, Spirit, into 1 First Order Stone mixed with spirits.
Cook First Order Stone mixed with spirit into Life Elixir using Alchemist Stove with a Iron Stirrer.
-- Powdered Antimony Sulphur -----
Pulverize 4 Stibine into Powdered Antimony Sulphur using Mortar and Pestle.
-- Powdered Iron -----
Grind Iron Ingot into Powdered Iron using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
-- Red Earth -----
Combine Alchemist secret fire, Powdered Iron, Powdered Antimony Sulphur, into 1 Mix of iron antimony and secret fires.
Heat Mix of iron antimony and secret fire into 2 Black and White Stone using Athanor.
Grind Black and White Stone into 2 Black residual powder using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Calcinate Black residual powder into Red Earth using Melting Pot.
-- Red Sulphur -----
Combine True Salt of the Sages, White Sulphur, Dissolving Mercury, into 1 Sages salt and sulphure mixtures.
Heat Sages salt and sulphure mixture into Red Sulphur using Athanor.
-- Rejuvination Elixir -----
Combine Second Order Stone of the Sages, Spirit, into 1 Second Order Stone mixed with spirits.
Cook Second Order Stone mixed with spirit into Rejuvination Elixir using Alchemist Stove with a Iron Stirrer.
-- Second Order Stone of the Sages -----
Combine First Order Stone of the Sages, Red Sulphur, Dissolving Mercury, into 1 Mixture of the second orders.
Heat Mixture of the second order into Second Order Stone of the Sages using Athanor.
-- Third Order Stone of the Sages -----
Combine Second Order Stone of the Sages, Red Sulphur, Dissolving Mercury, into 1 Mixture of the third orders.
Heat Mixture of the third order into Third Order Stone of the Sages using Athanor.
-- True Salt of the Sages -----
Combine Dissolving Mercury, Alchemist secret fire, Red Earth, into 1 Mix of Dissolving Mercury and Secret Fires.
Heat Mix of Dissolving Mercury and Secret Fire into True Salt of the Sages using Athanor.
-- Universal Panacea -----
Combine Third Order Stone of the Sages, Spirit, into 1 Third Order Stone mixed with spirits.
Cook Third Order Stone mixed with spirit into Universal Panacea using Alchemist Stove with a Iron Stirrer.
-- White Sulphur -----
Combine Alchemist secret fire, Powdered Iron, Powdered Antimony Sulphur, into 1 Mix of iron antimony and secret fires.
Heat Mix of iron antimony and secret fire into 2 Black and White Stone using Athanor.
Grind Black and White Stone into 2 Black residual powder using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Wash Black residual powder into White Sulphur using Decanter. 
