-- Apple Filling --
Combine 8 Sliced Apple, 2 Scoop of Strimptor, 4 Pat of Butter, into Apple Mash.
Mash Apple Mash into Apple Filling using Preparation Table with a Masher.
-- Apple Hand Pie --
Combine Dough-Wrapped Apple Slice, Hot Cooking Oil, into Uncooked Apple Hand Pie.
Bake Uncooked Apple Hand Pie into Apple Hand Pie using Oven.
-- Apple Jam Biscuit ---
Combine Scoop of Apple Jam, Open Biscuit, into Biscuit Apple Jam.
Spread Biscuit Apple Jam into Apple Jam Biscuit using Preparation Table with a Spreader.
-- Appleauce --
Measure Water-Filled Bucket into 28 Water Pouch using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
Combine 4 Sliced Apple, Water Pouch, into Cooking Apple.
Heat Cooking Apple into Cooked Apple using Pot.
Measure Cooked Apple into 4 Appleauce using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
-- Bread with Apple Jam --
Cut Bread into 5 Slice of Bread using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
Combine Slice of Bread, Scoop of Apple Jam, into Spreading Apple Jam.
Spread Spreading Apple Jam into Bread with Apple Jam using Preparation Table with a Spreader.
-- Bread with Duppong Jam --
Cut Bread into 5 Slice of Bread using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
Combine Slice of Bread, Scoop of Duppong Jam, into Spreading Duppong Jam.
Spread Spreading Duppong Jam into Bread with Duppong Jam using Preparation Table with a Spreader
-- Bread with Joopiner Berry Jam --
Cut Bread into 5 Slice of Bread using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
Combine Slice of Bread, Scoop of Joopiner Berry Jam, into Spreading Joopiner Jam.
Spread Spreading Joopiner Jam into Bread with Joopiner Berry Jam using Preparation Table with a Spreader
-- Bread with Macca Jam --
Cut Bread into 5 Slice of Bread using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
Combine Slice of Bread, Scoop of Macca Jam, into Spreading Macca Jam.
Spread Spreading Macca Jam into Bread with Macca Jam using Preparation Table with a Spreader.
-- Bread with Terevan Berry Jam --
Cut Bread into 5 Slice of Bread using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
Combine Slice of Bread, Scoop of Terevan Berry Jam, into Spreading Terevan Jam.
Spread Spreading Terevan Jam into Bread with Terevan Berry Jam using Preparation Table with a Spreader
-- Buttered Biscuit --
Combine Pat of Butter, Open Biscuit, into Buttering Biscuits.
Spread Buttering Biscuit into Buttered Biscuit using Preparation Table with a Spreader.
-- Cooked Carrot --
Combine 2 Sliced Carrot, Pot of Boiling Water, into Cooking Carrot.
Heat Cooking Carrot into 2 Cooked Carrot using Pot.
-- Cram --
Combine 3 Scoop of Milk, 8 Scoop of Flour, Lump of Lard, 2 Pinch of Salt, 3 Scoop of Strimptor, into Cram Mixes.
Mix Cram Mix into Cram Dough using Wooden Bowl with a Wooden Spoon.
Roll Cram Dough into Rolled Cram Dough using Preparation Table with a Rolling Pin.
Cut Rolled Cram Dough into 25 Raw Cram using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
Bake Raw Cram into Cram using Oven.
-- Dash of Cinnamon --
Measure Ground Cinnamon into 25 Dash of Cinnamon using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
-- Dough-Wrapped Apple Slice --
Combine Rolled Pastry Dough, 5 Sliced Apple, into Apple in Dough.
Wrap Apple in Dough into 5 Dough-Wrapped Apple Slice using Preparation Table.
-- Duppong Jam Biscuit --
Combine Open Biscuit, Scoop of Duppong Jam, into Biscuit Duppong Jam.
Spread Biscuit Duppong Jam into Duppong Jam Biscuit using Preparation Table with a Spreader.
-- Filling Apple Pie ---
Combine Rolled Pastry Dough, Apple Filling, into 5 Unbaked Filling Apple Pies.
Bake Unbaked Filling Apple Pie into Filling Apple Pie using Oven.
-- Fried Apple --
Cut Apple into Peeled Apple using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
Cut Peeled Apple into Cored Apple using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
Combine Cored Apple, Hot Cooking Oil, into Frying Apple.
Panfry Frying Apple into Fried Apple using Iron Skillet.
-- Fried Apple Hand Pie --
Combine Dough-Wrapped Apple Slice, Hot Cooking Oil, into Uncooked Apple Hand Pies.
Panfry Uncooked Apple Hand Pie into Fried Apple Hand Pie using Iron Skillet.
-- Honey-Glazed Carrot --
Combine 3 Cooked Carrot, 4 Pat of Butter, 2 Scoop of Honey, into Carrot-Honey Mixtures.
Mix Carrot-Honey Mixture into 5 Honey-Glazed Carrot using Wooden Bowl with a Wooden Spoon
-- Hot Cooking Oil --
Measure Lump of Lard into 25 Scoop of Lard using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
Panfry Scoop of Lard into Hot Cooking Oil using Iron Skillet.
-- Joopiner Berry Jam Biscuit --
Combine Open Biscuit, Scoop of Joopiner Berry Jam, into Biscuit Joopiner Jam.
Spread Biscuit Joopiner Jam into Joopiner Berry Jam Biscuit using Preparation Table with a Spreader.
-- Macca Jam Biscuit --
Combine Open Biscuit, Scoop of Macca Jam, into Biscuit Macca Jam.
Spread Biscuit Macca Jam into Macca Jam Biscuit using Preparation Table with a Spreader.
-- Mashed Joopiner Berrie --
Measure Bunch of Joopiner Berrie into 12 Joopiner Berrie using Preparation Table with a Scoop
Mash 5 Joopiner Berrie into Mashed Joopiner Berrie using Preparation Table with a Masher.
-- Mashed Terevan Berrie --
Measure Bunch of Terevan Berrie into 12 Whole Terevan Berrie using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
Mash 5 Whole Terevan Berrie into Mashed Terevan Berrie using Preparation Table with a Masher.
-- Open Biscuit --
Cut Biscuit into Open Biscuit using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
-- Pat of Butter --
Measure Lump of Butter into 25 Pat of Butter using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
-- Pinch of Salt --
Measure Bag of Salt into 50 Pinch of Salt using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
-- Pot of Boiling Water --
Heat Water-Filled Bucket into Full Pot of Water using Pot.
Heat Full Pot of Water into Pot of Hot Water using Pot.
Heat Pot of Hot Water into Pot of Simmering Water using Pot.
Heat Pot of Simmering Water into Pot of Boiling Water using Pot.
-- Rolled Pastry Dough --
Measure Lump of Lard into 25 Scoop of Lard using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
Measure Water-Filled Bucket into 28 Water Pouch using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
Combine Scoop of Flour, Pinch of Salt, 15 Scoop of Lard, Water Pouch, into Flour-Lard Mixtures.
Blend Flour-Lard Mixture into Pastry Dough using Wooden Bowl with a Mixer.
Roll Pastry Dough into Rolled Pastry Dough using Preparation Table with a Rolling Pin.
-- Scoop of Apple Jam --
Measure Water-Filled Bucket into 28 Water Pouch using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
Combine 5 Sliced Apple, Water Pouch, 3 Scoop of Strimptor, into Sweet Apple Mash.
Heat Sweet Apple Mash into Apple Jam using Pot.
Measure Apple Jam into 50 Scoop of Apple Jam using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
-- Scoop of Duppong Jam --
Measure Water-Filled Bucket into 28 Water Pouch using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
Combine 5 Sliced and Seeded Duppongs, Water Pouch, 3 Scoop of Strimptor, into Sweet Duppong Mash.
Heat Sweet Duppong Mash into Duppong Jam using Pot.
Measure Duppong Jam into 50 Scoop of Duppong Jam using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
-- Scoop of Flour --
Measure Flour into 5 Scoop of Flour using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
-- Scoop of Honey --
Measure Honey into 5 Scoop of Honey using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
-- Scoop of Joopiner Berry Jam --
Measure Water-Filled Bucket into 28 Water Pouch using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
Combine Water Pouch, 2 Scoop of Strimptor, Mashed Joopiner Berrie, into Sweet Joopiner Mash.
Heat Sweet Joopiner Mash into Joopiner Berry Jam using Pot.
Measure Joopiner Berry Jam into 50 Scoop of Joopiner Berry Jam using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
-- Scoop of Macca Jam --
Measure Water-Filled Bucket into 28 Water Pouch using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
Combine 5 Sliced and Seeded Maccas, Water Pouch, 3 Scoop of Strimptor, into Sweet Macca Mash.
Heat Sweet Macca Mash into Macca Jam using Pot.
Measure Macca Jam into 50 Scoop of Macca Jam using Preparation Table with a Scoop
-- Scoop of Milk --
Measure Milk into 4 Scoop of Milk using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
-- Scoop of Strimptor --
Measure Sack of Strimptor into 5 Scoop of Strimptor using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
-- Scoop of Terevan Berry Jam --
Measure Water-Filled Bucket into 28 Water Pouch using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
Combine Mashed Terevan Berrie, Water Pouch, 2 Scoop of Strimptor, into Sweet Terevan Mash.
Heat Sweet Terevan Mash into Terevan Berry Jam using Pot.
Measure Terevan Berry Jam into 50 Scoop of Terevan Berry Jam using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
-- Slice of Apple Pie --
Combine 3 Sliced Apple, Scoop of Strimptor, 2 Rolled Pastry Doughs, 3 Pat of Butter, into Unbaked Apple Pies.
Bake Unbaked Apple Pie into Apple Pie using Oven.
Cut Apple Pie into 8 Slice of Apple Pie using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
-- Slice of Cinnamon Apple Pie --
Combine 3 Sliced Apple, Scoop of Strimptor, 2 Rolled Pastry Doughs, Dash of Cinnamon, 3 Pat of Butter, into Unbaked Cinnamon Apple Pie.
Bake Unbaked Cinnamon Apple Pie into Cinnamon Apple Pie using Oven.
Cut Cinnamon Apple Pie into 8 Slice of Cinnamon Apple Pie using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
-- Slice of Duppong Pie --
Combine 3 Sliced and Seeded Duppongs, 2 Rolled Pastry Doughs, 3 Pat of Butter, Scoop of Strimptor, into Unbaked Duppong Pie.
Bake Unbaked Duppong Pie into Duppong Pie using Oven.
Cut Duppong Pie into 8 Slice of Duppong Pie using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
-- Slice of Joopiner Berry Pie --
Combine Mashed Joopiner Berrie, Rolled Pastry Dough, 3 Pat of Butter, Scoop of Strimptor, into Unbaked Joopiner Pie.
Bake Unbaked Joopiner Pie into Joopiner Berry Pie using Oven.
Cut Joopiner Berry Pie into 8 Slice of Joopiner Berry Pie using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
-- Slice of Macca Pie --
Combine 3 Sliced and Seeded Maccas, 2 Rolled Pastry Doughs, Scoop of Strimptor, 3 Pat of Butter, into Unbaked Macca Pie.
Bake Unbaked Macca Pie into Macca Pie using Oven.
Cut Macca Pie into 8 Slice of Macca Pie using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
-- Slice of Pie --
Combine Scoop of Strimptor, 2 Rolled Pastry Doughs, 3 Pat of Butter, into Unbaked Pie.
Bake Unbaked Pie into Pie using Oven.
Cut Pie into 8 Slice of Pie using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
-- Slice of Terevan Berry Pie --
Combine Mashed Terevan Berrie, Rolled Pastry Dough, 3 Pat of Butter, Scoop of Strimptor, into Unbaked Terevan Berry Pie.
Bake Unbaked Terevan Berry Pie into Terevan Berry Pie using Oven.
Cut Terevan Berry Pie into 8 Slice of Terevan Berry Pie using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
-- Sliced Apple --
Cut Apple into Peeled Apple using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
Cut Peeled Apple into Cored Apple using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
Cut Cored Apple into 4 Sliced Apple using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
-- Sliced Carrot --
Cut Carrot into Sliced Carrot using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
-- Sliced and Seeded Duppong --
Cut Duppong into Sliced and Seeded Duppong using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
-- Sliced and Seeded Macca --
Cut Macca into Sliced and Seeded Macca using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
-- Sweet Cinnamon Apple Slice --
Combine Sliced Apple, 3 Dash of Cinnamon, Scoop of Strimptor, into Cinnamon Apple Mixes.
Mix Cinnamon Apple Mix into 4 Sweet Cinnamon Apple Slice using Wooden Bowl with a Wooden Spoon.
-- Terevan Berry Jam Biscuit --
Combine Open Biscuit, Scoop of Terevan Berry Jam, into Biscuit Terevan Jam.
Spread Biscuit Terevan Jam into Terevan Berry Jam Biscuit using Preparation Table with a Spreader.
-- Apple Pie --
Cut Apple into Peeled Apple using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
Cut Peeled Apple into Cored Apple using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
Cut Cored Apple into 4 Sliced Apple using Preparation Table with a Kitchen Knife.
Measure Sack of Strimptor into 5 Scoop of Strimptor using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
Measure Lump of Lard into 25 Scoop of Lard using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
Measure Water-Filled Bucket into 28 Water Pouch using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
Measure Flour into 5 Scoop of Flour using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
Measure Bag of Salt into 50 Pinch of Salt using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
Combine Scoop of Flour, Pinch of Salt, 15 Scoop of Lard, Water Pouch, into Flour-Lard Mixtures.
Blend Flour-Lard Mixture into Pastry Dough using Wooden Bowl with a Mixer.
Roll Pastry Dough into Rolled Pastry Dough using Preparation Table with a Rolling Pin.
Measure Lump of Butter into 25 Pat of Butter using Preparation Table with a Scoop.
Combine 3 Sliced Apple, Scoop of Strimptor, 2 Rolled Pastry Doughs, 3 Pat of Butter, into Unbaked Apple Pies.
Bake Unbaked Apple Pie into Apple Pie using Oven.
