Alchemy I 0 Amalgamate Smith's Soup Mix into Smith's Soup using Melting Pot with a Glass Stirrer.
Alchemy I 0 Combine 2 Common Salt, Oil of Vitriol, into 0 Mix of salt and vitriol using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy I 0 Combine 2 Niter, Oil of Vitriol, into 0 Mix of niter and vitriol using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy I 0 Combine 2 Small chunk of Copper Ore, Small chunk of Zinc Ore, 3 Small chunk of Coal, into 0 Brasser Steak Mix using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy I 0 Combine 2 Small chunk of Copper Ore, Small chunk of Zinc Ore, 3 Small chunk of Coal, Silver Solution, into 0 Shiny Brasser Steak Mix using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy I 0 Combine 2 Small chunk of Gold Ore, 2 Small chunk of Silver Ore, Gold Solution, Silver Solution, into 0 Green Gold Steak Mix using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy I 0 Combine 3 Small chunk of Coal, Powdered Tin, Powdered Copper, Stibine, into 0 Bronzed coal Mix using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy I 0 Combine 3 Small chunk of Iron, Gold Solution, Tartar, into 0 Blue Gold Floater Mix using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy I 0 Combine 3 Small chunk of Zinc Ore, Zinc Solution, into 0 Zincer's Dish Mix using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy I 0 Combine Big chunk of Coal, 3 Small chunk of Tin Ore, Stibine, into 0 Tin Burger Mix using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy I 0 Combine Big chunk of Copper Ore, 3 Small chunk of Coal, Gold Solution, into 0 Copper Steak Shiny Mix using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy I 0 Combine Big chunk of Copper Ore, 3 Small chunk of Coal, into 0 Copper Steak Mix using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy I 0 Combine Big chunk of Gold Ore, Gold Solution, Copper Solution, Stibine, into 0 Big Red Gold Steak Mix using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy I 0 Combine Big chunk of Gold Ore, Gold Solution, Iron Solution, Tartar, into 0 Big Blue Gold Steak Mix using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy I 0 Combine Big chunk of Iron Ore, 3 Small chunk of Coal, Gold Solution, into 0 Smith's Steak Shiny Mix using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy I 0 Combine Big chunk of Iron Ore, 3 Small chunk of Coal, into 0 Smith's Steak Mix using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy I 0 Combine Big chunk of Silver Ore, Silver Solution, Copper Solution, into 0 Minter's Silver Mix using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy I 0 Combine Nitric spirit, 3 Salt spirit, Powdered Gold, into 0 Mix of Gold niter and salt spirit using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy I 0 Combine Powdered Coal, Copper Ore Solution, Zinc Ore Solution, 2 Small chunk of Coal, into 0 Brasser Soup Mix using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy I 0 Combine Powdered Coal, Gold Solution, Silver Ore Solution, 2 Small chunk of Coal, into 0 Electrum Soup Mix using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy I 0 Combine Powdered Coal, Gold Solution, Silver Ore Solution, Shards of Diamond Crystal, into 0 Green Gold Soup Surprise Mix using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy I 0 Combine Powdered Coal, Iron Ore Solution, 2 Small chunk of Coal, Stibine, into 0 Smith's Soup Mix using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy I 0 Combine Powdered Coal, Tin Ore Solution, Copper Ore Solution, 2 Small chunk of Coal, into 0 Bronze Soup Mix using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy I 0 Combine Powdered Copper, 2 Oil of Vitriol, into 0 Mix of Copper and vitriol using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy I 0 Combine Powdered Copper Ore, 2 Oil of Vitriol, into 0 Mix of Copper ore and vitriol using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy I 0 Combine Powdered Gold, Iron Solution, 2 Small chunk of Gold, into 0 Blue Gold Sauce Mix using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy I 0 Combine Powdered Iron, 2 Oil of Vitriol, into 0 Mix of Iron and vitriol using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy I 0 Combine Powdered Iron Ore, 2 Oil of Vitriol, into 0 Mix of Iron ore and vitriol using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy I 0 Combine Powdered Iron, Powdered Zinc, Powdered Copper, 3 Small chunk of Coal, into 0 Smith Bronzed Brasser Steak Mix using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy I 0 Combine Powdered Silver, 2 Oil of Vitriol, into 0 Mix of Silver and vitriol using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy I 0 Combine Powdered Silver Ore, 2 Oil of Vitriol, into 0 Mix of Silver ore and vitriol using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy I 0 Combine Powdered Tin Ore, 2 Oil of Vitriol, into 0 Mix of Tin ore and vitriol using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy I 0 Combine Powdered Zinc, 2 Oil of Vitriol, into 0 Mix of Zinc and vitriol using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy I 0 Combine Powdered Zinc Ore, 2 Oil of Vitriol, into 0 Mix of Zinc ore and vitriol using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy I 0 Combine Small chunk of Gold Ore, Small chunk of Silver Ore, Small chunk of Copper Ore, Silver Solution, Copper Solution, into 0 Electrum Mixer Dish Mix using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy I 0 Combine Small chunk of Gold Ore, Small chunk of Silver Ore, Small chunk of Copper Ore, Small chunk of Tin Ore, Powdered Iron, into 0 Forge Mixer Dish Mix using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy I 0 Combine Small chunk of Zinc, Silver Solution, Stibine, into 0 Minter's Floater Mix using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy I 0 Corrode Mix of Copper ore and vitriol into 2 Copper Ore Solution using Crucible with a Glass Stirrer.
Alchemy I 0 Corrode Mix of Iron ore and vitriol into 2 Iron Ore Solution using Crucible with a Glass Stirrer.
Alchemy I 0 Corrode Mix of salt and vitriol into 2 Salt spirit using Crucible with a Glass Stirrer.
Alchemy I 0 Corrode Mix of Silver ore and vitriol into 2 Silver Ore Solution using Crucible with a Glass Stirrer.
Alchemy I 0 Corrode Mix of Tin ore and vitriol into 2 Tin Ore Solution using Crucible with a Glass Stirrer.
Alchemy I 0 Corrode Mix of Zinc ore and vitriol into 2 Zinc Ore Solution using Crucible with a Glass Stirrer.
Alchemy I 0 Grind 9 Small chunk of Coal into Powdered Coal using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I 0 Grind 9 Small chunk of Tin Ore into Powdered Tin Ore using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I 0 Grind Coal Lump into Powdered Coal using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I 0 Grind Diamond Crystal into Shards of Diamond Crystal using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I 0 Grind Emerald Crystal into Shards of Emerald Crystal using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I 0 Grind Iron Ore into Powdered Iron Ore using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I 0 Grind Ruby Crystal into Shards of Ruby Crystal using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I 0 Grind Sapphire Crystal into Shards of Sapphire Crystal using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I 0 Grind Silver Ingot into Powdered Silver using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I 0 Grind Silver Ore into Powdered Silver Ore using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I 0 Grind Tin Ore into Powdered Tin Ore using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I 0 Hammer Big chunk of Coal into 3 Small chunk of Coal using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I 0 Hammer Big chunk of Copper Ore into 3 Small chunk of Copper Ore using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I 0 Hammer Big chunk of Gold Ore into 3 Small chunk of Gold Ore using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I 0 Hammer Big chunk of Iron Ore into 3 Small chunk of Iron Ore using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I 0 Hammer Big chunk of Silver into 3 Small chunk of Silver using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I 0 Hammer Big chunk of Silver Ore into 3 Small chunk of Silver Ore using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I 0 Hammer Big chunk of Tin Ore into 3 Small chunk of Tin Ore using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I 0 Hammer Big chunk of Zinc Ore into 3 Small chunk of Zinc Ore using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I 0 Hammer Coal Lump into 3 Big chunk of Coal using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I 0 Hammer Copper Ore into 3 Big chunk of Copper Ore using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I 0 Hammer Gold Ore into 3 Big chunk of Gold Ore using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I 0 Hammer Iron Ore into 3 Big chunk of Iron Ore using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I 0 Hammer Silver Ore into 3 Big chunk of Silver Ore using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I 0 Hammer Tin Ore into 3 Big chunk of Tin Ore using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I 0 Hammer Zinc Ore into 3 Big chunk of Zinc Ore using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I 0 Pulverize Diamond Crystal into 2 Powdered Diamond Crystal using Mortar and Pestle.
Alchemy I 0 Pulverize Emerald Crystal into 2 Powdered Emerald Crystal using Mortar and Pestle.
Alchemy I 0 Pulverize Ruby Crystal into 2 Powdered Ruby Crystal using Mortar and Pestle.
Alchemy I 0 Pulverize Sapphire Crystal into 2 Powdered Sapphire Crystal using Mortar and Pestle.
Alchemy I <9 Amalgamate Electrum Soup Mix into Electrum Soup using Melting Pot with a Glass Stirrer.
Alchemy I <9 Corrode Mix of Copper and vitriol into 2 Copper Solution using Crucible with a Glass Stirrer.
Alchemy I >9 Corrode Mix of Gold niter and salt spirit into 2 Gold Solution using Crucible with a Glass Stirrer.
Alchemy I <9 Corrode Mix of Iron and vitriol into 2 Iron Solution using Crucible with a Glass Stirrer.
Alchemy I <9 Corrode Mix of Silver and vitriol into 2 Silver Solution using Crucible with a Glass Stirrer.
Alchemy I <9 Corrode Mix of Zinc and vitriol into 2 Zinc Solution using Crucible with a Glass Stirrer.
Alchemy I <9 Distill Mix of niter and vitriol into 2 Nitric spirit using Alembic.
Alchemy I <9 Grind 9 Small chunk of Copper into Powdered Copper using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I <9 Grind 9 Small chunk of Copper Ore into Powdered Copper Ore using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I <9 Grind 9 Small chunk of Gold into Powdered Gold using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I <9 Grind 9 Small chunk of Iron into Powdered Iron using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I <9 Grind 9 Small chunk of Iron Ore into Powdered Iron Ore using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I <9 Grind 9 Small chunk of Silver into Powdered Silver using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I <9 Grind 9 Small chunk of Silver Ore into Powdered Silver Ore using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I <9 Grind 9 Small chunk of Tin into Powdered Tin using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I <9 Grind 9 Small chunk of Zinc into Powdered Zinc using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I <9 Grind 9 Small chunk of Zinc Ore into Powdered Zinc Ore using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I <9 Grind Copper Ingot into Powdered Copper using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I <9 Grind Copper Ore into Powdered Copper Ore using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I <9 Grind Gold Ingot into Powdered Gold using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I <9 Grind Iron Ingot into Powdered Iron using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I <9 Grind Tin Ingot into Powdered Tin using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I <9 Grind Zinc Ingot into Powdered Zinc using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I <9 Grind Zinc Ore into Powdered Zinc Ore using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I <9 Hammer Big chunk of Copper into 3 Small chunk of Copper using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I <9 Hammer Big chunk of Gold into 3 Small chunk of Gold using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I <9 Hammer Big chunk of Iron into 3 Small chunk of Iron using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I <9 Hammer Big chunk of Tin into 3 Small chunk of Tin using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I <9 Hammer Big chunk of Zinc into 3 Small chunk of Zinc using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I <9 Hammer Copper Ingot into 3 Big chunk of Copper using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I <9 Hammer Gold Ingot into 3 Big chunk of Gold using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I <9 Hammer Iron Ingot into 3 Big chunk of Iron using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I <9 Hammer Silver Ingot into 3 Big chunk of Silver using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I <9 Hammer Tin Ingot into 3 Big chunk of Tin using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I <9 Hammer Zinc Ingot into 3 Big chunk of Zinc using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy P 10 Amalgamate Brasser Soup Mix into Brasser Soup using Melting Pot with a Glass Stirrer.
Alchemy P >34 Cook Big Blue Gold Steak Mix into Big Blue Gold Steak using Alchemist Stove with a Iron Stirrer.
Alchemy P >34 Cook Big Red Gold Steak Mix into Big Red Gold Steak using Alchemist Stove with a Iron Stirrer.
Alchemy P >34 Cook Electrum Mixer Dish Mix into Electrum Mixer Dish using Alchemist Stove with a Iron Stirrer.
Alchemy P >34 Cook Forge Mixer Dish Mix into Forge Mixer Dish using Alchemist Stove with a Iron Stirrer.
Alchemy P >34 Cook Green Gold Steak Mix into Green Gold Steak using Alchemist Stove with a Iron Stirrer.
Alchemy P >34 Cook Minter's Silver Mix into Minter's Silver Soup using Alchemist Stove with a Iron Stirrer.
Alchemy P >9<34 Amalgamate Green Gold Soup Surprise Mix into Green Gold Soup Surprise using Melting Pot with a Glass Stirrer.
Alchemy P >9<34 Cerate Blue Gold Floater Mix into Blue Gold Floater using Alchemist Stove with a Wooden Stirrer.
Alchemy P >9<34 Cerate Blue Gold Sauce Mix into Blue Gold Sauce using Alchemist Stove with a Wooden Stirrer.
Alchemy P >9<34 Cerate Minter's Floater Mix into Minter's Floater using Alchemist Stove with a Wooden Stirrer.
Alchemy P >9<34 Cook Brasser Steak Mix into Brasser Steak using Alchemist Stove with a Iron Stirrer.
Alchemy P >9<34 Cook Bronzed coal Mix into 2 Bronzed coal using Alchemist Stove with a Iron Stirrer.
Alchemy P >9<34 Cook Copper Steak Mix into Copper Steak using Alchemist Stove with a Iron Stirrer.
Alchemy P >9<34 Cook Copper Steak Shiny Mix into Copper Steak Shiny using Alchemist Stove with a Iron Stirrer.
Alchemy P >9<34 Cook Shiny Brasser Steak Mix into Shiny Brasser Steak using Alchemist Stove with a Iron Stirrer.
Alchemy P >9<34 Cook Smith Bronzed Brasser Steak Mix into 2 Smith Bronzed Brasser Steak using Alchemist Stove with a Iron Stirrer.
Alchemy P <9 Amalgamate Bronze Soup Mix into Bronze Soup using Melting Pot with a Glass Stirrer.
Alchemy P <9 Cook Smith's Steak Mix into Smith's Steak using Alchemist Stove with a Iron Stirrer.
Alchemy P <9 Cook Smith's Steak Shiny Mix into Smith's Steak Shiny using Alchemist Stove with a Iron Stirrer.
Alchemy P <9 Cook Tin Burger Mix into Tin Burger using Alchemist Stove with a Iron Stirrer.
Alchemy P <9 Cook Zincer's Dish Mix into Zincer's Dish using Alchemist Stove with a Iron Stirrer.
