Alchemy I <106 Calcinate Black residual powder into Red Earth using Melting Pot.
Alchemy i <106 Combine Alchemist secret fire, Powdered Iron, Powdered Antimony Sulphur, into 1 Mix of iron antimony and secret fire using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy i <106 Combine Dissolving Mercury, Alchemist secret fire, Red Earth, into 1 Mix of Dissolving Mercury and Secret Fire using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy i <106 Combine First Order Stone of the Sages, Red Sulphur, Dissolving Mercury, into 1 Mixture of the second order using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy i <106 Combine First Order Stone of the Sages, Spirit, into 1 First Order Stone mixed with spirit using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy i <106 Combine Niter, 7 Tartar, into 1 Mix of tartar and niter using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy i <106 Combine Red Sulphur, White Sulphur, Dissolving Mercury, into 1 Alchemical Egg using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy i <106 Combine Second Order Stone of the Sages, Red Sulphur, Dissolving Mercury, into 1 Mixture of the third order using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy i <106 Combine Second Order Stone of the Sages, Spirit, into 1 Second Order Stone mixed with spirit using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy i <106 Combine Third Order Stone of the Sages, Spirit, into 1 Third Order Stone mixed with spirit using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy i <106 Combine True Salt of the Sages, White Sulphur, Dissolving Mercury, into 1 Sages salt and sulphure mixture using Alchemy Table (combine).
Alchemy i <106 Grind Black and White Stone into 2 Black residual powder using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy I <106 Grind Iron Ingot into Powdered Iron using Alchemist Table with a Wooden Mallet.
Alchemy i <106 Heat Alchemical Egg into Blackness Stone using Athanor.
Alchemy I <106 Heat Antimony powder into Dissolving Mercury using Athanor.
Alchemy i <106 Heat Blackness Stone into Whiteness Stone using Athanor.
Alchemy I <106 Heat Mix of Dissolving Mercury and Secret Fire into True Salt of the Sages using Athanor.
Alchemy I <106 Heat Mix of iron antimony and secret fire into 2 Black and White Stone using Athanor.
Alchemy i <106 Heat Mixture of the second order into Second Order Stone of the Sages using Athanor.
Alchemy i <106 Heat Mixture of the third order into Third Order Stone of the Sages using Athanor.
Alchemy i <106 Heat Redness Stone into First Order Stone of the Sages using Athanor.
Alchemy I <106 Heat Sages salt and sulphure mixture into Red Sulphur using Athanor.
Alchemy i <106 Heat Whiteness Stone into Redness Stone using Athanor.
Alchemy I <106 Pulverize 4 Stibine into Powdered Antimony Sulphur using Mortar and Pestle.
Alchemy I <106 Pulverize Black and White Stone into Antimony powder using Mortar and Pestle.
Alchemy I <106 Pulverize Mix of tartar and niter into Alchemist secret fire using Mortar and Pestle.
Alchemy I <106 Wash Black residual powder into White Sulphur using Decanter.
Alchemy P <106 Cook First Order Stone mixed with spirit into Life Elixir using Alchemist Stove with a Iron Stirrer.
Alchemy P <106 Cook Second Order Stone mixed with spirit into Rejuvination Elixir using Alchemist Stove with a Iron Stirrer.
Alchemy P <106 Cook Third Order Stone mixed with spirit into Universal Panacea using Alchemist Stove with a Iron Stirrer.
