Need: 2 Azure way adepts staff, 1 apprentices robe, the adept quests, Fire Glyph, Arrow Glyph, Armor Glyph.

Info: You will get the glyphs, the Azure Way Apprentice's Robe and the Azure Way Adept's staff back.

You say: Here are the items as requested.
You say: Here are the items as requested.
Menita says: Today, you become a Master rank in the Azure Way.
Menita hands you back one staff and the robe, but keeps yours and puts it aside.
Menita says: Return those to their owners, followers of your same path.
Menita closes her eyes for only a moment.
Menita says: But there are other paths, some of them support Azure Way, others...
Menita says: not.
Menita says: You will soon require the aid of practitioners and students from the supporting Ways.
Menita says: Speak to them.
Menita says: These bonds will become important in the coming tests.
You say: I'd like to know more.
Menita says: Not now.
Menita says: First, I need something from you.
- She stares, and pauses for a long heartbeat. -
Menita says: Go to Brintec Dev-Onni.
Menita says: Solve his problem.
Menita says: And...
Menita says: be careful.
You say: Menita sent me here to help you out.
Brintec Dev-Onni says: Menita?
Brintec Dev-Onni frowns staring at you.
Brintec Dev-Onni says: An Azure Way member?
Brintec Dev-Onni says: Very well.
Brintec Dev-Onni says: Tell me what I did the third day of this month.
Brintec Dev-Onni says: Because I just forgot and no one can tell me where I was.
You say: Please, be patient, when did you recognize you had lost the memory?
Brintec Dev-Onni says: I've not lost my memory.
Brintec Dev-Onni says: One of your fellows took it out!
Brintec Dev-Onni stares at you angrily for some moments, then he relax a bit.
Brintec Dev-Onni says: I don't know.
Brintec Dev-Onni says: I had a strange dream, I was running through Ojaveda and where ever I run i always arrive in front of closed doors.
Brintec Dev-Onni says: Then I stop.
Brintec Dev-Onni says: I felt a growing fear and I flee.
Brintec Dev-Onni says: But I do not know what this fear is.
Brintec Dev-Onni says: I think it is something obvious, but I don't remember.
You say: I'm curious now, please tell me what you remember.
Brintec Dev-Onni says: Ehe.
Brintec Dev-Onni's face becomes reddish.
Brintec Dev-Onni says: I made something shameful...
Brintec Dev-Onni says: or, well I was in love...
Brintec Dev-Onni says: oh come on.
Brintec Dev-Onni says: I was sad because a woman said no.
Brintec Dev-Onni says: And I drank too much, so the day after I avoided work.
Brintec Dev-Onni says: That's it, nothing else.
Brintec Dev-Onni says: Please do not ask more.
Brintec Dev-Onni says: I think you know her, and I prefer to maintain privacy.
You say: I solved the problem, Brintec is fine now.
Menita says: I know.
Menita says: Now, you have to leave me.
Menita says: Quickly.
You say: Where you want me to go?
Menita says: Free your thoughts.
Menita says: And in the meantime try to do something else.
Menita says: Bring me two glyph that Levrus sells, each from one of the Azure Way's supporting Ways.
You say: I believe these are the two glyphs.
Menita nods.
Menita says: In combining spells, you will at times need glyphs from other Ways.
Menita says: On their own, each Way is limited in power.
Menita says: Only in combination will you find the most powerful spells 
Menita hands back the glyphs.
Menita says: Although Azure Way is the most perfect Way supporting even ways that do not support it, no Way of magic is complete without the other Ways.
Menita's eyes move to you once more.
Menita says: This is known to include supporting Ways, neutral, and opposing.
Menita says: Dark and Blue Way are neutral to Azure, neither greatly aiding nor impeding, though Azure is used for tempering some of their combinations.
Menita says: For every coin, there exists two sides.
Menita says: For Azure, this opposing side is the Brown Way.
Menita says: For your last task today, I will ask you to give me the Brown Way Glyph that Levrus sells.
You say: Would it be this one?
Menita nods and hands you the glyph back.
Menita says: Azure and Brown Way Circles are not enemies.
Menita says: However, the magic contained within them collides.
Menita says: Trying to combine opposing Ways can be dangerous, or even deadly.
Menita says: You may train the supporting ways within a realm or so of Azure Way, but I advise you to limit any Brown Way training to a minimum.
Menita says: If you train too high in the Brown Way, you risk being removed from the Azure Way Circle.
Menita's eyes drift slowly to gaze off towards Ojaveda.
Menita says: There is a lesson to be learned on a high hill towards Ojaveda.
Menita says: A powerful man once thought he could challenge the gods by combining all magic Ways.
Menita says: That hill was once much taller.
Menita says: We will speak of it later when I decide you are ready.
Menita says: Now it is time to complete this step.
You say: Mistress Menita, I am ready to continue my path.
Menita says: Very well.
Menita says: You will show me this new staff every time you are ready for your next test session.
Menita says: I also want you to have this as a personal gift from me.
Menita flicks you a glyph, barely giving you time to catch it.
Menita says: As a new Master of the Azure Way hand me your Master's staff when you think you are ready, and if I agree with that assumption I will accept it.

(22:45:58) [System] >You have received a Master's Azure Way Staff.
(22:45:58) [System] >You have received a Gas Glyph.
(22:45:58) [System] >You gained 13600 experience points and 68 progression points!
(22:45:58) [System] >Your faction with Azure Order has improved by 25.
(22:45:58) [System] >Quest Completed!
(22:45:58) [System] >You have completed the Azure Way Master Training quest!