You say: Take this staff, it proves my commitment to the Dark Way.
Evelyn's eyelashes flutter as her eyes close and open again, slowly. Her hip wiggles slightly while she reaches you, taking the staff.
Evelyn says: I am Evelyn, and you, Huarwar...
Evelyn stops talking, and stares in your eyes, her mouth faintly open.
Evelyn says: You are a Master in the Dark Way Circle, and my new pupil.
Evelyn's fingers grasp the staff you handed to her, her black lacquered nails on the staff almost digging into the staff.
Evelyn says: Your skills, your power, pleases me.
Evelyn says: Is your wish to please me?
You say: Yes, my wish is to please you.
Evelyn says: What a delightful answer.
Evelyn puts your staff in a pouch, then she languidly raises the hands, showing her wrist.
Evelyn says: Now, tell me.
Evelyn says: Which is the most powerful amongst the Ways?
You say: Dark Way.
Evelyn laughs, her white and sharp teeth appear behind her lips.
Evelyn says: It could be a pleasure to understand if you really believe in your answer.
Evelyn says: But, for now, I would be pleased if you show me your bracers.
You say: Here are my bracers, Archmistress.
Evelyn takes the bracers, one for each hand.
Evelyn says: The Dark Way is powerful, but so are the other Ways.
Evelyn says: Items like yours are owned by Adepts of each of the Circles.
Evelyn says: Remember it, you will need this knowledge.
Evelyn says: You know which of other Ways support our own.
Evelyn says: Meet members of these Ways, speak with them and gain their trust.
Evelyn says: You will need it for the coming tests.
Evelyn leans forward, slowly.
Evelyn says: There's also a Way who opposes ours.
Evelyn says: But, for now, go to Levrus and buy all the glyphs he sells.
Evelyn says: On your return give me the glyphs of the Ways that support us.
You say: These two are the glyphs of the Ways supporting us.
Evelyn nods, examining the glyphs. Then she gives them back.
Evelyn says: Combined spells are the most powerful.
Evelyn says: The Dark Way is seductive, and elegant, but, like every magic, can be improved when used together with other Ways.
Evelyn smiles, tilting her head.
Evelyn says: You can use supporting Ways, neutral, and opposing too.
Evelyn says: Azure and Blue Ways are neutral to Dark, and many times Dark Way glyphs are used to temper some of their combines.
Evelyn says: The opposite of Dark is the Crystal Way.
Evelyn says: Give me the Crystal Way glyph you bought from Levrus.
You say: Do you mean Arrow, Archmistress?
Evelyn looks at the glyph. She doesn't take it and pushes back your hands.
Evelyn says: Keep it.
Evelyn says: Crystal and Dark Way can be combined, but it is dangerous.
Evelyn says: These two Ways may collide, even cause death to the unwise magician who tries to use both.
Evelyn says: You are allowed to learn the supporting ways, within a realm or so from the Dark Way.
Evelyn says: But, if you decide to be trained in Crystal Way, pay special attention.
Evelyn says: If you train too high in Crystal Way you may be banned from the Dark Way.
Evelyn's pupils grow wider and wider, looking into your eyes.
Evelyn says: There is no epitaph for the foolish mage who challenged the gods, combining all magics.
Evelyn says: His grave is a tall hill, with a crater, the last remembrance left of his madness.
Evelyn says: Do not ask further questions about this, for now.
Evelyn says: Instead let's talk about spells.
Evelyn says: Combine your Daemon and Arrow Glyphs, and then tell me the name of the result.
You say: Daemon Arrows
Evelyn says: Good work.
Evelyn says: You learned one of the rare exceptions to the rule of opposing ways.
Evelyn says: If you search you may discover more of them.
Evelyn says: Life and death could merge...
Evelyn's tongue sweeps across her lips as she slowly closes her eyes.
Evelyn says: ...
Evelyn says: becoming so gorgeous sometime.
Evelyn digs a hand in a pouch, and takes out a staff.
Evelyn says: Take your bracers, as well as your new Master's staff and the rank of Master of the Dark Way.
Evelyn says: This new staff will be your proof, show it to me when you are ready for the next lesson.
Evelyn says: And, to emphasize my pleasure, I want to offer you a personal gift.
Evelyn gives you a glyph. Her fingers touch your hand for some seconds, warmer than normal.
Evelyn says: You must progress you skill the equivalent to two and a half Realms past that needed for Realm five.

(23:32:47) [System] >You have received a Master's Dark Way Staff.
(23:32:47) [System] >You have received an Adept's Dark Way Bracers.
(23:32:47) [System] >You have received a Shadow Glyph.
(23:32:47) [System] >You gained 17800 experience points and 89 progression points!
(23:32:47) [System] >Your faction with Dark Order has improved by 25.
(23:32:47) [System] >Quest Completed!
(23:32:47) [System] >You have completed the Dark Way Master Training quest!