You say: I have returned for more training... Oh, and my staff as proof.
Ferryd Shillor says: Huarwar!
Ferryd Shillor gives you a warm smile.
Ferryd Shillor says: You have made amazing progress.
Ferryd Shillor says: Although Practice is good, without the right knowledge it will go to waste.
Ferryd Shillor shines an apple on his robes and takes a bite.
Ferryd Shillor says: I gave you a Brown Way glyph with your last testing, and told you to research the spell for protection.
Ferryd Shillor says: I hope you have done so.
Ferryd Shillor raises an eyebrow at you.
Ferryd Shillor says: Hand me the Red Way glyph that combines with the Brown Way one I gave you to form the protective spell.
You say: Would that be, this one?
Ferryd Shillor inspects the glyph.
Ferryd Shillor says: Well done.
Ferryd Shillor says: Owning one of these rare Red Way glyphs is enough proof of your Red Way dedication.
Ferryd Shillor says: But...
Ferryd Shillor says: Well...
Ferryd Shillor says: I already knew you had it didn't I.
Ferryd Shillor says: Let's see if you have been paying attention.
Ferryd Shillor says: Give me the glyph that combines with Lava to form an attack spell.
You say: Here it is.
Ferryd Shillor nods.
Ferryd Shillor says: Indeed!
Ferryd Shillor says: You have done well.
Ferryd Shillor hands it back.
Ferryd Shillor says: The Red Way has many of these multiple glyph combination spells.
Ferryd Shillor says: Many will never discover these spells simply because of the fact that they are only discernible if your skill is high enough, you learn the order the energies must past though the glyphs to make the spell, and a few other factors.
Ferryd Shillor says: Even then, they will most likely not reveal themselves the first few times.
Ferryd Shillor says: I have the greatest of all glyph mages to thank for teaching me that.
Ferryd Shillor says: Most of the Archmasters alive today have that very same person to thank for our lives.
Ferryd Shillor says: I am not talking about being cast into the trials of the Death Realm; I speak of the True Death.
Ferryd Shillor says: Ah, but that is a story for another time.
Ferryd Shillor says: I don't think you are quite ready for such a tale.
Ferryd Shillor holds out his hand.
Ferryd Shillor says: Your bracers please.
You say: My Bracers, sir.
Ferryd Shillor takes your bracers and gives you a new set.
Ferryd Shillor says: These will give both proof of your advancement, and will help you in training, Huarwar, High Master of the Red Way.
Ferryd Shillor says: Now, go out and finalize your Red Way training.
Ferryd Shillor says: Only once you reach your limit will I give you your final test.
Ferryd Shillor says: Then you will once again give me your staff.
Ferryd Shillor says: However, it is not going to be so easy this time.
Ferryd Shillor says: If you recall, I mentioned some time ago that you should mingle with practitioners of the two Ways that support ours.
Ferryd Shillor says: I need for you to also bring me one Master's set of Bracers from each of those two Ways, and give them to me all at once.
Ferryd Shillor says: This is to prove you have gained respect and support from, well, the Circles that support your own.
Ferryd Shillor says: Good luck.
