Required: 2 Adept's Red Way Staff, 1 Apprentice's Red Way Staff

Info: Remember once we begin you will not be able to be a Master in Blue way or past the first Masters rank in Crystal or Brown Ways.

You say: The three staves you requested as proof of my dedication.
Ferryd Shillor says: So you have decided to continue with your training and have gathered the items, very well, from this point forward you have begun down the point to becoming a Master of the Red Way.
Ferryd Shillor says: I thought you might.
Ferryd Shillor says: You have the look of a Red Way Master to me.
Ferryd Shillor says: You may return these staffs to their owners.
Ferryd Shillor hands you back two staves, but keeps yours and puts it aside.
Ferryd Shillor says: You have proven your knowledge and dedication to the Red Way Circle and to your previous trainers.
Ferryd Shillor says: You also know of and about the supporting and opposing Ways to the Red Way, this is very important knowledge and you should always keep it in mind.
Ferryd Shillor says: This knowledge is important for your masters training.
Ferryd Shillor says: My suggestion is to begin speaking to practitioners and students from the supporting Ways and making allies.
Ferryd Shillor says: These bonds will become important in the coming tests.
You say: What comes first?
Ferryd Shillor says: The first is a test of your ability, I want you to present me with two glyphs.
Ferryd Shillor says: I'm not going to tell you what they are, but I will give you hints and maybe what I feel about them and then you must work out which I mean.
Ferryd Shillor says: They are from the Magic Ways which support ours, to give you a little hint.
Ferryd Shillor says: The first glyph will test your intelligence and the other will make you scream with confusion.
Ferryd Shillor says: Good luck.
You say: Here are the glyphs as requested.
Ferryd Shillor says: Well done I'm glad you could work out which glyphs I wanted.
Ferryd Shillor says: In combining spells, you might need glyphs from the Dark and Azure Ways.
Ferryd Shillor says: On their own, every Way is limited in power.
Ferryd Shillor says: You will find that the truly powerful spells are a product of your own Way, improved by those that support it.
Ferryd Shillor hands back the glyphs.
Ferryd Shillor says: Although Red Way is the most powerful Way, drawing its power from Chaos, no Way of magic is complete without the other Ways.
Ferryd Shillor looks you in the eyes to make sure you are listening.
Ferryd Shillor says: This includes supporting Ways, neutral, and opposing.
Ferryd Shillor says: Crystal and Brown Way are neutral, neither greatly aiding or impeding the Red Way.
Ferryd Shillor says: You have just shown me you know of the supporting Ways.
Ferryd Shillor says: Finally, there is the single Way that mirrors the Red Way.
Ferryd Shillor says: This is the Blue Way.
Ferryd Shillor says: For your last task today I will ask you to bring me the Blue Way Glyph that Levrus sells.
You say: And that will be Cold, right
Ferryd Shillor nods and hands it back quickly.
Ferryd Shillor says: This is very important.
Ferryd Shillor says: Red and Blue Way Circles are not enemies...
Ferryd Shillor says: Well except for Barrin having no humor.
Ferryd Shillor chuckles.
Ferryd Shillor says: Trying to combine opposing Ways is possible -just- but will always be very very dangerous.
Ferryd Shillor says: You may train the supporting ways within a realm or so of Red Way, but if you train too high in the Blue Way, you risk being removed from the Red Way Circle for everyone's safety.
Ferryd Shillor frowns.
Ferryd Shillor says: Mages have burned all magical abilities from themselves by trying to master all Ways.
Ferryd Shillor says: You should visit the large hole in the top of a hill out towards Ojaveda if you wish to know what happens when you lose control when combining too many Ways.
Ferryd Shillor says: That hill was once much taller.
Ferryd Shillor shakes his head.
Ferryd Shillor says: But good and honest magic can be powerful too.
Ferryd Shillor says: I want you to see an example.
Ferryd Shillor says: The elevator of the winch is located between two big towers.
Ferryd Shillor says: These two towers are on the stable ground.
Ferryd Shillor says: Go and check, then return here and tell me what their use is.
You say: Always have been.
Ferryd Shillor laughs.
Ferryd Shillor says: I guess I really didn't need to ask.
Ferryd Shillor says: This is your brand new Master's Red Way Staff, and with it you may call yourself by the rank of Master of the Red Way.
Ferryd Shillor says: You will show it to me every time you are ready for your next test session while you continue training in the usual manner.
Ferryd Shillor says: I also want you to have this as a personal gift from me.
Ferryd Shillor says: Even though it is a Brown Way glyph, neutral to Red Way, it can be used and combined with a Red Way glyph for great protection.
Ferryd Shillor says: I will leave it up to you to discover the spell for yourself.
Ferryd Shillor says: Also, you may now show your Master's Staff to Willam Chorind.
Ferryd Shillor says: Becoming a Master in the Circle comes with certain...
Ferryd Shillor says: Rewards.
