You say: I have the items, as requested, and I am ready for further instruction.
Ferryd Shillor says: Dedication.
Ferryd Shillor says: And perseverance.
Ferryd Shillor says: They gave you power.
Ferryd Shillor says: You've reached a point where I can give you no more.
Ferryd Shillor says: Only the world now can teach you more lessons.
Ferryd Shillor says: You are a full Way Master of the Red Way.
Ferryd Shillor takes the items and examines them carefully.
Ferryd Shillor says: Return the items to their owners, as soon as you can.
Ferryd Shillor says: They will need them.
Ferryd Shillor says: Now, give me your last Adept item, please.
You say: That is my robe, I am ready to replace it.
Ferryd Shillor folds the robe, while his eyes look in yours.
Ferryd Shillor says: As a Master of the Red Circle you are allowed to learn about our history, and our secrets too.
Ferryd Shillor says: Are you interested to hear them?
You say: Yes, please.
Ferryd Shillor says: Very well.
Ferryd Shillor says: I was sure of your interest.
Ferryd Shillor says: Would you like to talk about our history?
Ferryd Shillor half closes his eyes.
Ferryd Shillor says: ...
Ferryd Shillor says: Or about our secrets?
You say: About the history.
Ferryd Shillor takes a breath, preparing to talk. But he stops before beginning, and makes a long sigh.
Ferryd Shillor says: It is not the time, yet.
Ferryd Shillor says: When you are ready you will find this knowledge.
You say: Well tell me about the secrets then.
Ferryd Shillor says: The secrets I want to tell are for your ears, and for very few others.
Ferryd Shillor says: Only people who proved themselves can manage to keep a secret like the one I'm going to tell you.
Ferryd Shillor says: The danger in it can harm many lives, not only your own.
Ferryd Shillor says: So you are allowed to discuss them only with the highest levels of the Circles.
Ferryd Shillor says: Full masters of every Way.
Ferryd Shillor pauses, looking in your eyes.
Ferryd Shillor says: The texts in the Sanctuary holds knowledge about all the Ways, about artefacts of power...
Ferryd Shillor says: And it contains the complete version of this secret too.
Ferryd Shillor says: The position, even the existence of the sanctuary, is closed to the citizen.
Ferryd Shillor says: Secrets hidden in other secrets.
Ferryd Shillor says: I need your word.
Ferryd Shillor says: Tell me you will never share this knowledge outside the Masters of the Circles.
You say: I promise.
Ferryd Shillor says: The first secret is the Seventh Way.
Ferryd Shillor says: Until now I assume you know only six Ways, but there is a Seventh.
Ferryd Shillor says: The Seventh is the essence of all the other Ways, but is also none of them.
Ferryd Shillor says: It is magic without the glyphs created by Talad.
Ferryd Shillor says: This is 'Wild' magic, something outside the rules of the Gods.
Ferryd Shillor says: Diaboli used it, since they are the only race who cast magic before arriving in Yliakum.
Ferryd Shillor's tone grows stern.
Ferryd Shillor says: Be careful, and pay special attention to my next words.
Ferryd Shillor says: Your level of power will give you sense of the existence of the Seventh Way.
Ferryd Shillor says: Temptation will strike you.
Ferryd Shillor says: And you have to contrast it.
Ferryd Shillor says: Otherwise 'Wild' magic will wipe out your very soul.
Ferryd Shillor says: You will be put to True Death if the Seventh Way does not destroy you first.
Ferryd Shillor says: Is this understood?
You say: Yes, I understand Archmage.
Ferryd Shillor says: The dangers of the Seventh Way go beyond your imagination.
Ferryd Shillor says: Two mages attempted to master it until today, and they suffered a fate I would wish on no one.
Ferryd Shillor pauses, his gaze is firm.
Ferryd Shillor says: Now, I have to tell you about another hidden knowledge.
Ferryd Shillor says: Something not even I wish to know, a threat to the existence itself.
Ferryd Shillor says: The Circles, especially the Masters, are fighting a war against this Dark entity.
Ferryd Shillor says: These battles are hidden to the eye of the people of Yliakum, but you have to know.
Ferryd Shillor says: Our enemy is called the BlackFlame.
Ferryd Shillor says: Have you ever heard about it?
You say: Not really.
Ferryd Shillor says: I wish to fill the pool of your knowledge.
Ferryd Shillor says: None knows for sure what is the BlackFlame.
Ferryd Shillor says: Someone supposes it is a God.
Ferryd Shillor says: While others assume it is a force of destruction.
Ferryd Shillor says: I have not the answer to what is the BlackFlame, but I can say that its touch infects and deprives the creations of the other Ways.
Ferryd Shillor says: Your path will surely teach you more about this, maybe it will grant you access to the Vault of Ages in Arden.
Ferryd Shillor says: Even I had that privilege only once.
Ferryd Shillor says: I was allowed to catch a glimpse of what is kept in the Vault of Ages, no more.
Ferryd Shillor says: That day I discovered...
Ferryd Shillor closes his eyes for some second.
Ferryd Shillor says: Much of the past is hidden, and I did not know why, until my visit in Arden.
Ferryd Shillor takes a long breath.
Ferryd Shillor says: You will understand, for yourself.
Ferryd Shillor says: Not today, but when your time will come.
Ferryd Shillor says: Well then, one last formality.
Ferryd Shillor puts away the old robe and opens a sack, taking out a new one. He offers it to you.
Ferryd Shillor says: This will prove the mastery you gained in the Red Way as you are now a 'Way Master of the Red Way'.
Ferryd Shillor says: Make a good use of it, Huarwar.
Ferryd Shillor says: And take this.
Ferryd Shillor hands you an amulet.
Ferryd Shillor says: Bring it to Levrus, one final lesson awaits you there.

(12:24:28) [System] >You have received a Master's Red Way Robe.
(12:24:28) [System] >You have received a Master of Ways Amulet.
(12:24:28) [System] >You gained 20600 experience points and 103 progression points!
(12:24:28) [System] >Your faction with Red Order has improved by 50.
(12:24:28) [System] >Your Red Way skill has increased by 2 point!
(12:24:28) [System] >Quest Completed!
(12:24:28) [System] >You have completed the The Red Way Master quest!